This project was completed by Nan Pan in partial fulfilment of ECON-UB.0232, Data Bootcamp, Spring 2019. I certify that the NYU Stern Honor Code applies to this project. In particular, I have: Clearly acknowledged the work and efforts of others when submitting written work as our own. The incorporation of the work of others–including but not limited to their ideas, data, creative expression, and direct quotations (which should be designated with quotation marks), or paraphrasing thereof– has been fully and appropriately referenced using notations both in the text and the bibliography. And I understand that: Submitting the same or substantially similar work in multiple courses, either in the same semester or in a different semester, without the express approval of all instructors is strictly forbidden. I acknowledge that a failure to abide by NYU Stern Honor Code will result in a failing grade for the project and course.

The purpose of this project is to investigate how the entry of Chobani in 2007 influenced the sales of Yoplait yoghurt. We have national-level weekly data on (1) total unit sales of Yoplait products, (2) average unit price of Yoplait products, (3) average unit price of Dannon products,which is a substitute for Yoplait yoghurt, and (4) average unit price of Chobani products between 2001 and 2011.
Our analysis includes plotting the data to observe patterns. We also estimate a linear demand curve for Yoplait. Finally, we compute weekly price elasticities of Yoplait demand (own- and two cross-price elasticities) to draw inference about competitive structure, particularly whether the price elasticities changed as a result of Chobani’s entry.
